Yueyue
What are you two doing?
Tongtong
Why won't he let me go?
What's wrong with Yueyue?
Tongtong, Gao Yu called me just now
Let me compensate him for the breakup fee
If I don't give it to him, he will say what he says, what are you talking about?
He wants someone to kill me
Gao Yu this bastard
He did something shameful
I came to you for compensation
It's whimsical
Tongtong, what should I do?
Gao Yu, he won't really ask someone to kill me, will he?
Don't worry, I won't let him hurt you.
OK
husband
Xu Zeyu
Bring some paper
Oh don't cry
I won't let him come
Besides, there is Xu Zeyu
What if he comes?
I asked Xu Zeyu to break his leg
Is it Woo?
Yes, it is.
I'll go back to the company first.
Just in time for you to come back, you can accompany him too, okay?
Hey, ask me for a leave when you go to the company.
Accompany Yueyue today